README.md, before:

# MultiselectDropdownSearch

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.3.8.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

listbox aria labels and roles

README.md, after:

# MultiselectDropdownSearch

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.3.8.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Roles, States, and Properties

- The element that contains or owns the options has role listbox.
- The element with role listbox has aria-labelledby or aria-label.
- The element with role listbox has aria-multiselectable set to true.
- Each option has role option.
- Each selected option has both aria-checked and aria-selected set to true (see Note).
- All options that are not selected have both aria-checked and aria-selected set to false (see Note).
- 
Note:
The Listbox Pattern recommends using aria-checked for multiselect listboxes and recommends against using both aria-checked and aria-selected. However, this is not supported by current, leading screen readers, JAWS 2024 and NVDA 2024:

Both screen readers say "not selected" if aria-selected is undefined, so options with only aria-checked="true" are indciated as "checked, not selected", which is incorrect.
Neither screen reader says "selected" if aria-selected="true", making it difficult to identify selected options if only aria-selected is used. (This behavior is designed for single-select listboxes where selection follows focus and "selected" is implied.)
Until leading screen readers change the above behaviors, the only effective solution appears to be to use both aria-checked and aria-selected.
